Successfully imported citizen - Ivan Georgiev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Stefan Dimitrov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Elena Petrova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Nikolai Vasilev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Dimitrina Ilieva with 0 properties.
Invalid Data!
Successfully imported citizen - Maria Todorova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Georgi Popov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Tsvetanka Kostova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Vasil Ivanov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Lyudmil Stoyanov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Radoslava Mihaylova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Boyan Kolev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Daniela Draganova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Kaloyan Pavlov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Gergana Dimitrova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Stanimir Angelov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Iliana Vasileva with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Svetoslav Petrov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Desislava Ivanova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Dimitar Iliev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Stefka Petrova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Ivan Georgiev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Yana Todorova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Nikolai Dobrev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Magdalena Ivanova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Hristo Dimitrov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Anelia Georgieva with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Vladimir Petrov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Silvia Kirova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Borislav Mihailov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Kristina Nikolova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Plamen Dimitrov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Milena Vasileva with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Todor Ivanov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Zornitsa Petrova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Ivaylo Stoyanov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Miroslav Todorov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Valentina Dimitrova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Nadezhda Petrova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Kamen Iliev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Ivelina Vasileva with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Radostin Kolev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Svetlana Mihaylova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Lyuben Georgiev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Rositsa Nikolova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Deyan Ivanov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Milena Petrova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Nikolay Stoyanov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Lidiya Ivanova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Iliyan Kostov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Zornitsa Dimitrova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Borislav Georgiev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Simona Vasileva with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Plamen Nikolov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Katerina Mihaylova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Stoyan Petrov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Diana Todorova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Vladimir Iliev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Mirela Vasileva with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Kiril Popov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Rositsa Georgieva with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Anton Dimitrov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Teodora Nikolova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Lyubomir Stoyanov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Desislav Ivanov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Stefani Kostova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Borislav Petrov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Anelia Dimitrova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Plamen Nikolov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Snezhana Vasileva with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Milen Georgiev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Yavor Ivanov with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Valentina Todorova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Bozhidar Kolev with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Silvia Petrova with 0 properties.
Successfully imported citizen - Rumen Stoyanov with 0 properties.